# Doctor-Appointment-system-in-php
Doctor Appointment System is a smart web application,this provides a registration and login for patients.The patients or users must be registered and log in to book a doctor basing the category and & fees.Patients can see doctor list for booking.Patients can request an appointment to doctor with some description.User or Patients  change their password according to their need.Users also see history of appointment requested.We need more time saving and more accurate Doctor Appointment system as the number of patients is increasing day by day. For all users , it is very important to have some basic understanding about the online Doctor Appointment system. On this site you will get source code with the running project. It will help you to understand the concept of the project. Here you find project in git account. Brief overview of the technology:      Front end: HTML, CSS, JavaScript  HTML: HTML is used to create and save web document. E.g. sublinetext3 CSS : (Cascading Style Sheets) Create attractive Layout .JavaScript: it is a programming language, commonly use with web browsers. Back end: PHP, MySQL  PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor (PHP) is a technology that allows software developers to create dynamically generated web pages, in HTML, XML, or other document types, as per client request. PHP is open source software. MySQL: MySql is a database, widely used for accessing querying, updating, and managing data in databases. Software Requirement(any one) WAMP Server XAMPP Server MAMP Server LAMP Server Installation Steps 1. Download zip file and Unzip file on your local server. 2. Put this file inside "c:/xampp/www/" . 3. Database Configuration Open phpmyadmin Create Database named docregistration. Import database docregistration.sql from downloaded folder(inside database) 4. Open Your browser put inside "http://localhost/Doctor-Appointment-System/" 5. To Login as user put email as username and password (example Login Details  username= k@gmail.com password=aAA@12345).